src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:165:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:268:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.ERROR' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:317:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.ERROR' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:391:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.ERROR' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:411:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.INFO' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:417:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.ERROR' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:433:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.INFO' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/blo/PrivilegeTransferBLO.java:440:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity.ERROR' due to existing import 'org.jboss.seam.international.StatusMessage.Severity'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/CandidateBussinessComponent.java:127:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/FileUploadBean.java:106:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/FileUploadBean.java:113:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/ImportExcelData.java:202:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/ImportExcelData.java:831:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/InterviewScheduleEventListener.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jboss.seam.Component'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/Resources.java:33:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'fileName'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/bus/Resources.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'contentType'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/Authenticator.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'waffle.servlet.WindowsPrincipal'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/Authenticator.java:22:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'NEGOTIATE_SECURITY_FILTER_PRINCIPAL'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/Authenticator.java:24:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BACK_SLASH'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/Authenticator.java:41:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'sessionContext'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/Authenticator.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'redirect'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/CVSaver.java:132:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/CandidateHome.java:1296:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/CandidateHome.java:2003:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'checkValidUser(String)'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/HrResultList.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/HrResultList.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bosch.rts.entity.Candidate'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/InterviewHistoryHome.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/InterviewScheduleHome.java:1084:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/RecruitRequestDocumentSaver.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'messages'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/RecruitRequestDocumentSaver.java:171:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/RecruitRequestDocumentSaver.java:183:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/RecruitRequestHome.java:878:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/RecruitRequestList.java:42:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'orderColumn'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/TechnicalResultHome.java:131:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/session/TechnicalResultList.java:69:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'technicalResult'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/DocumentMimeConstant.java:4:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/DocumentMimeConstant.java:5:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/DocumentMimeConstant.java:6:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/DynamicDataModel.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ParseExcelUtil.java:15:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.Cell'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSCandidateRoles.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:29:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:33:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:34:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:39:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:40:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:41:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:42:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:43:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:44:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:45:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:46:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:47:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:48:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:49:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:50:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:52:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:55:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:57:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:59:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:60:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:61:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:62:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:63:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:64:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:66:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:67:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:68:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:69:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:73:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:74:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:75:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:77:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:78:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:80:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:81:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:82:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:83:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:84:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:85:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:87:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:88:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:89:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:90:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:91:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:92:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:93:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:95:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:96:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:97:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:98:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:99:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:100:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:101:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:102:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:104:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:105:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:106:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:108:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:109:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:110:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:111:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:113:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:114:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:115:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:116:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:117:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:118:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:120:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:121:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:122:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:123:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:124:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:125:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.regex.Pattern.compile' due to existing import 'java.util.regex.Pattern'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:126:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:127:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.regex.Pattern.compile' due to existing import 'java.util.regex.Pattern'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:129:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:130:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:131:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:133:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:134:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:135:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:136:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:137:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:138:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:139:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:140:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:141:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:144:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:146:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:148:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:149:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:151:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSConstants.java:152:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSInterviewRoles.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSPages.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRecruitRequestRoles.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRecruitRequestRoles.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRecruitRequestRoles.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRecruitRequestRoles.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSRoles.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/RTSStatus.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleController.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleController.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bosch.rts.entity.User'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jboss.seam.core.Events'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bosch.rts.entity.RecruitRequest'
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'recruitRequestList'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:42:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'recruitRequestHome'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/ScheduleProcessor.java:52:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'UPDATED_BY'.
src/hot/com/bosch/rts/utilities/UserHelper.java:114:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'bcdUserName'.
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:14:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:16:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:17:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:42:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:53:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:79:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:92:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:104:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:118:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:132:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:146:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:159:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:171:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:184:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:196:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:210:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:223:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:234:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:246:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:262:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:280:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:295:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:312:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/ced/ws/CedPort.java:328:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/HrResult.java:95:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'ihrItsInterviewScheduleId'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/HrResult.java:100:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'ihrItsInterviewScheduleId'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/HrResult.java:125:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'shrHrResultId'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/HrResult.java:126:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'shrItsInterviewScheduleId'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/InterviewSchedule.java:77:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'itsRemark'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/InterviewSchedule.java:78:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'istInterviewType'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/Skill.java:62:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'sklExperienceYearsFrom'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/Skill.java:62:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'sklExperienceYearsTo'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/TechnicalResultAttributeValue.java:44:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'value'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/TechnicalResultLineAttribute.java:96:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'technicalResultLine'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/entity/TechnicalResultLineAttribute.java:112:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'value'.
src/main/com/bosch/rts/validator/RTSDateValidator.java:38:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/com/bosch/rts/validator/RTSHost.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.faces.context.FacesContext'
src/main/com/bosch/rts/validator/RTSHost.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.ServletContext'
src/main/com/bosch/rts/validator/RTSHost.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.ServletRequest'
src/main/com/bosch/rts/validator/RTSHost.java:39:	Do not hard code the IP address 
